README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Hassaan Arain</h1>
<h3 align="center">Learning endlessly. Building fearlessly.A Web Developer Becoming an Agentic AI Developer.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=muhammadhassaanarain&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=muhammadhassaanarain" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/shutuphassaan" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/shutuphassaan?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="shutuphassaan" /></a> </p>

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **OpenAI Agent SDK**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Frontend Projects**

- 💬 Ask me about **Next.js,Typescript,Javascript,Sanity CMS**

- 📫 How to reach me **hassaanarain008@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I'm 17**

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/shutuphassaan" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="shutuphassaan" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/hassaan-arain/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/hassaan-arain/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100094421088969" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100094421088969" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/shutuphassaan/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="https://www.instagram.com/shutuphassaan/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@hassaanarain008" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@hassaanarain008" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<!-- <h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3> -->
<!-- <p align="left"> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p> -->



<img align="right" alt="coding" width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37551474/113611467-3a567d80-9657-11eb-862b-b07b4f105c6f.gif">



<!-- <p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=muhammadhassaanarain&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></p> -->

<!-- <p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=muhammadhassaanarain&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></p> -->

<!-- <p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=muhammadhassaanarain&" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></p> -->










# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=flat&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=flat&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=flat&logo=fastapi) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=flat&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=flat&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=flat&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=MuhammadHassaanArain&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update learning and collaboration interests in README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Hassaan Arain</h1>
<h3 align="center">Learning endlessly. Building fearlessly.A Web Developer Becoming an Agentic AI Developer.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=muhammadhassaanarain&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=muhammadhassaanarain" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/shutuphassaan" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/shutuphassaan?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="shutuphassaan" /></a> </p>

- 🌱 I’m currently Working on **AI Native Development**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **AI Native Projects**

- 💬 Ask me about **AI Agents | AIDD | AI Native Development**

- 📫 How to reach me **hassaanarain008@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I'm 17**

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/shutuphassaan" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="shutuphassaan" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/hassaan-arain/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/hassaan-arain/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100094421088969" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100094421088969" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/shutuphassaan/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="https://www.instagram.com/shutuphassaan/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@hassaanarain008" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@hassaanarain008" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<!-- <h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3> -->
<!-- <p align="left"> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p> -->



<img align="right" alt="coding" width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37551474/113611467-3a567d80-9657-11eb-862b-b07b4f105c6f.gif">



<!-- <p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=muhammadhassaanarain&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></p> -->

<!-- <p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=muhammadhassaanarain&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></p> -->

<!-- <p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=muhammadhassaanarain&" alt="muhammadhassaanarain" /></p> -->










# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=flat&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=flat&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=flat&logo=fastapi) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=flat&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=flat&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=flat&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MuhammadHassaanArain&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=MuhammadHassaanArain&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
